I
this is my dad's JK it's a really cool
Jupiter takes me to school takes me
camping and our playing in the mud with
a double block off road boys it's a 2012
automatic 3.6 sport just a few toys from
the double block off road store up front
the stables modular bull bar with their
new mid with wings and Luger dooley
lights installed the winch is a
smittybilt 10,000 pounds and Phoebe's
unit and the load bar is also a 10-inch
from Ridgid disappointed with the count
was time to use broken difficulties that
opted for the tariff extender 60s
throughout these big 37-inch tires these
deaths stuffed with for 88 years and
even electric lockers so far no
breakages and that keeps mum happy the
rear is protected by an ARB rear bar and
tire carrier is teraflex aluminium unit
combined with their hi-lift jack note
and wrote a pax fuel container to extend
our fuel range it even has those stupid
disconnecting mud flaps on the real who
make it looks so all the way that
frustrates me so much with this tube
there are days that i can get end up
with these and there are days where it
needs to lift me and rockslides are from
terrible's which makes it easier for mum
to get in and the beach
7e perform all torrents are covered by
the lack of her flat files the wheels
are 18 inch metal militia units in the
summer months with Walker Evans where
locks and 37 inch I rocks employed for
mudding in the winter the roof is also a
constant muck around in winter he runs
his hardtop with the Smitty defender up
in summer here the runs of the mesh
bikini by desk top or the best top and X
roof complete his half doors of twice
are also from bestop at the moment it is
ready a complete iPhone suspension
four-inch lifts with icon adjustable
arms and 2.5 inch bypass shocks bump
stops have been replaced with terrific
speed bumps and the axles are centered
by D boyfriend track bar and synergy
real the sway bars disconnected up front
by the fantastic dual rate teraflex unit
even I can't escape the front in two
seconds that loves going fast off-road
and this ship is a real blast in the
sand and we have only corrugated dirt
roads protection underneath is why a
synergy heavy-duty crossmember and it
also has a layer based gameplay which
you can see is painted smoothly the
grill has been vinyl wrap black and the
bonnet is at emd according the head
lights have been replaced by these JW
speaking units and on the a-pillar who
is rigidly to julie's on the kc like
buttons all these lights turn night into
day let me assure you we love does
please it's a weapon offered and takes
to the rear social functions and
sporting events daily just the perfect
entourage these 10 year old needs until
dead can afford to buy me a limo
you